[DOCS-8435] NPM to CNM name change (#25101)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/cloud_network_monitoring/overview_page.md

---
title: Overview Page
description: The Cloud Network Monitoring Overview Page in the Datadog UI.
aliases:
    - /network_monitoring/performance/overview_page
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/network-performance-monitoring'
      tag: 'Blog'
      text: 'Cloud Network Monitoring'
---

## Overview

> The [CNM overview page][3] provides a high-level overview of your network, from costly network traffic to DNS health to service top talkers. Use the Overview page to filter network traffic by environment or team with tags, adjust the time frame for your network data and drill into your most expensive traffic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [CNM overview page][3] provides a high-level overview of your network, from costly network traffic to DNS health to service top talkers. Use the Overview page to filter network traffic by environment or team with tags, adjust the time frame for your network data and investigate your most expensive traffic. 
```
